1. Hours to complete the project: 6 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Markov Model Data Type):
   This problem was a little strange because I wasn't really supposed to
   complete the entire file until I was done with problems 2 and 3. Still,
   everything was very easy for me except for the contructor. That took a bit
   of thinking but it wasn't outside of my comfort zone. I have a lot of
   experience with object-oriented programming, so most of these concepts
   were familiar to me. I'm not very used to doing it in Python, so it was
   good for me to get some practice with classes in Python.

   Problem 2 (Random Text Generator):
   This was the easiest problem. I just focused on doing it efficiently. For
   example, my first instinct was to generate an array with all the possible
   letters add multiple instances of the same letter to increase its
   probability. Then, I would use random.choice to pick a letter at random. I 
   decided not to do that because I figured that creating an array would be 
   inefficient. I think I came up with a pretty efficient approach in the end.
   I decided to generate a random number between 0 and the number of occurences
   of that kgram, and then I'd iterate over all the possible letters in the
   kgram until the number of iterations reached the random number. I'm not
   making much sense here but you can just look at the code. I basically took
   my array idea and made it more efficient since I knew this problem would be
   easy for me.

   Problem 3 (Noisy Message Decoder):
   This was very tough for me. I had some trouble understanding what the PDF
   was telling me to do, so I asked Professor Swami to clarify. He did a quick
   demo on the whiteboard and, after that, I turned it into code. It was still
   very difficult. I kept getting back a reasonable but incorrect result. I
   had to really perfect my algorithm and I spent about 2 hours on this problem
   alone. There's not one particular point at which I got stuck that I can
   write about, it was just a slow process for me. There was a lot of string
   slicing involved and I'm happy I got practice with that.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------
   Swami Iyer         Professor    Whiteboard demo of Problem 3
   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   This was the hardest project so far! Project 2 was overrated.
